Release notes:

This is my first complete overhaul mod that is just about from scratch. The exceptions being the "enZombies – More Zombie Variations" and "Snufkin’s Custom Server Side Zombies Plus" mods that have been included. These mods have also been changed in order to fit in with The Barren Mod with lower HP, better chance of loot, and customized loot drops.
Why the name? You will no longer see POIS, traders, vehicles, the amount of decoration blocks scaled back, and some weapons and items removed. This freed up resources to increase the amount of zombies that will be spawning in.
With the increase amount of zombies you will come across you'll find that they have less hit points and will take a lot more damage when hit it the head. They're not one shot kills to the head right off the bat, but you will find them easier to kill than vanilla. Each vanilla zombie has 4 tiers - walker, feral, radiated, and giant. Walkers will give you lower tier and less loot and the others will give higher tiered drops with more loot. You will start off with a backpack full of goodies to help you start out. With the increase in zombie activity, no transportation and lack of hiding places (ok, and maybe some other things I haven't and won't be mentioning...not that anyone ever reads instructions, disclamers, ReadMes, eggs sausage bacon and spam) I wanted to show that I wasn't a completely terrible person.
Lootgroups have been created for zombies for their particular type. Looking for a knife or a bat? Hit up a punk zombie. Want some running shoes? Chase down a jogger. Need some light on your dome? Go dig up a miner. Feeling a bit beat up and need some healing? Well, you get it. In addition to particular loot groups you will find chances of just generic things like rotted meat and plant fibers or they might just have some sand or clay from roaming the countryside for so long. Some zombies will also carry crafting resources such as mechanical parts, glue, engines, etc.
New weapons and ammo have been added along with traps to help fend off the seemingly never ending horde. You might just find a helping hand out there but be warned, he's a bit squirrelly and has a short attention span.
This mod is meant to be played on a 3k map. You can still increase the size if you want but you'll need to keep in mind you'll be walking/running everywhere and there aren't any cities or towns to explore on the map or traders to be found. You'll have your different biomes and zombies that are specific to that biome but that's it. 

